OM 2.
Good evening Welcome to ibis London Heathrow Airport, which is
Barry? How can I help you hello my name is
John?
I'm about to make a reservation at your at your
hotel in Travelocity, but I wanted to Unstan Adians.
But I wanted to check and make sure that you
have a shuttle to and from the airport.
Sure, mom, I'll help you with that, you don't have
a shuttle.
Oh yeah, we do have I'll tell you more details
about the shuttles will terminal you will be coming tomorrow
going? Think I'm coming in from Luxembourg.
No on the 22nd of December and then I'm leaving
the next morning to fly to count it up so.
Is there a Canada?
So I coming in on.
British Airways from Luxembourg on the 22nd, I don't not
sure what I forget what terminal problem. I'll give you
all the details. If you have a bun in the
deeper you can just make a note if it's OK.
Yeah, so it is Terminal 12 or 3 little bit
about his number.
Yeah, 12 or treat this year.
Yeah, it will be bus number H 686686, yeah that's
it for hotel another terminal.
Or find that it will be bus number page 56.
Hotels, 123 minutes, but 8:30 AM to know.
Are born 5 is?
856.
15856. OK, I'll tell you the price and the time
is well now OK with the price of the shuttle.
Each way it is 4 pound and 50 P.
Replace him.
And the shuttle operates at every 20 minutes.
From 4:30 AM in the morning up until 11 PM.
OK Alright every every 20 minutes operates from 4:30 AM
until 11 PM and it would take approximately about 45
minutes to reach the hotel with pending on traffic.
25 minutes for attorney to you.
OK and where did you ever want to point it
out to the body?
Uh the airport is it?
Yes, when I arrive at the airport, where do I
get the bus a check?
Hello can you let me get that for you? How
bout some timing and people are crazy?
Right.
Wow.
Should I put you on hold for 2 minutes while
I get that information for you know it'll be OK?
II.
Then find it, I can probably call you back and
get that information. No problem we can do that.
And as you said you looking to stay at our
hotel are you looking on Travelocity Online Martic. The date
of arrival. Any see if I can give you a
better rate than you getting on Travelocity.
Yeah, that would be fun. It's December 22nd and leaving
December 23rd.
Thank you. That's what one night on Saturday. The 22nd
of December, just one night. Yeah, thank you. Any good
for one person or 2 people one.
One person just a standard room.
Federal shelf and they get that treats and have you
stayed with ibis or any of the account hotels before?
No no no problem to the reason I asked is
we have got a free membership out of which we
can give you a discounted rate.
I'll tell you the rate with the discount feeling stressed
out, I can sign you up no charge for it.
And would you like a trade with breakfast or you
want just a room on the price or just never
on this fine? I don't need breakfast can focus on
similar rates now, so we have our standard room.
With a double bed for you, we don't need facility
TV and Wi-Fi. Access in the room and including tax
room only.
There are 2 weeks rate one is prepaid that is,
you pay right now.
And no refund or cancellations allowed even in case of
non arrival.
Including tax without breakfast is 46,055 cents.
And the second greatest flexible hear you pay on arrival
with the cancellation anytime before 2 PM. The local time
of the hotel on the deer forever.
And including tax room only, it will be 56 pounds
in 5 cents.
Which one would prefer meant?
Oh actually that's more expensive, then I would be getting
the travelocity'cause I know how much I can pay it
in Canadian dollars in it.
$70.
$70 is about to come there and kick. Let me
check that for you, it's about 36 pounds that including
taxi is showing because.
Most of the time online. It will be without taxing
you go to the final page. Then it will show
you the rate with tax.
So with tax OK, I don't know I'm not sure.
I didn't we didn't go to the final page. I
don't know.
OK, because he's awake for I've offered you this with
the membership discount, including tax this will be the final
amount.
You would be paying them.
Yeah.
OK, well, it's good to know this and the membership
is free you're saying is that is that it's absolutely
free done helping.
OK go charge right well. That's that's really good information,
I'm very much appreciate.
Um appreciate the information so I'll just have to sit
with all just have to check.
What did outside mostly I wanted to find out about
the shuttle?
OK, I'll check and see which is about and then
all I have to call you back.
Oh, no problem member with the meantime, we cannot guarantee
this price and availability's rooms and rates are subject to
change.
Well, if you would like I can help you with
the flexible price if you have a room guarantee.
And you can still check online if you find a
lesser wait online you can always book there and cancel
the flexible working?
All.
No, it's it's OK because I'm all if I watch
it all call you back tonight. I just we just.
I took one of you have my friends III don't
know if this year. So I have my friend also
been doing this for me.
I'm in London right now, um OK, but I'm Canadian
you know, and I thought I would like to pay
it in Canadian dollars affected but.
If it's going to be even more so that's why
I needed to know these great stuff very good to
know they know the Great.
Thank you for the information and II may just call
you back later.
S*** I didn't put the little things before you hang
up lemon room, the greatest subject to change in the
way.
Will it he cannot guarantee you that if you looking
at directly without the payment is always in local currency
that it sounds not in Canadian dollars. Oh, I know
that, but Travelocity I contained in Canadian.
So again you know which is better for me, yeah
well. That's OK. I like it helps you not.
Doctor for now. Thank you very much thank you. Thank
you. Thank you for calling out with London Heathrow Airport
have an IQ of fact.